Perhaps for us, our past mistakes are keeping us from moving forward.
That was a challenge for Jim Lloyd.
He was raised in the truth, but did not progress to baptism.
By his teen years he was getting into trouble, as he describes it in his heart he had left
Jehovah.
His later involvement with gangs and violence put him in a place he never expected to
be.
But you will be greatly encouraged to see where he is now.
Things that have happened to you can't change, but your personality you can, and we can't
change our personality, which Jehovah's help.
By the time I was 25, I was associating with notorious criminals.
I guess I was criminal too.
This took a wrong turn and kept going.
I found myself a fugitive on the run.
I was sentenced to many years in prison.
In 25, I felt like it might as well have been a life sentence.
Isolation locked down, very lonely place, and I thought, how did I get here?
I remember a happier time in my life.
My mom would take us to meetings.
I was in the Democratic Ministry school.
All the friends were so loving.
My mom sent me subscriptions to the watchtower in Wake.
I had a box under my bunk, and I tossed them in there, never opened them.
And I must have had a year's worth.
You know, I never told her, stop sending a mom, I'm not reading him.
I found out through my mom that my dad had died.
I felt that I broke his heart.
I pulled out the box from under my bunk.
Right on top was a book, the truth that leads to eternal life.
And at that moment, I knew Jehovah hadn't forgotten me.
I remembered that book.
I remembered that book when I was a boy.
I placed that book out in service.
I opened it up, and of course, that the theme scripture for that publication was Revelation 21, 3 and 4.
Ten of God is with mankind.
I read that night, the whole night I read the whole book.
Course that little bell went off.
Couldn't deny that this was the truth.
So what was I going to do about it?
Shortly after that, I got transferred.
So I called my mom and told her, it was funny.
She asked, do you think there's any Jehovah's Witnesses that go up there?
I told her, I don't think so.
It's way up in the mountains.
I don't think they go up there.
It's a little fire at camp.
I wasn't a spiritual person yet.
All the magazines and books went back into the box and back under my bunk.
Only been there five minutes, and the guard comes in and said, are you a Jehovah's Witness?
I couldn't believe it.
And I told my study to have been studying with Jehovah's Witnesses.
And he said, oh, good, follow me.
And I followed him and he took me and introduced me to a brother who had been coming up there regularly
to study the Bible with inmates there.
And I realized at that moment that once again, Jehovah had not forgotten me.
A brother faithfully came up there for the next two years every Friday night.
He thought that if you could idea to, how about the Acratic Mystery School?
So he got it approved.
He would do the number one talk and the other brother that would come with them,
to do the highlights and then the three of us inmates would do the other parts.
I was giving a talk every week.
And he started making tape recordings of the meetings.
I listened to him over and over until the next week.
I knew that if I was going to return to Jehovah, I had to make some adjustments.
Which Jehovah's help.
I leaned on him more, relied on his strength more.
It was then that I really felt that I could do this.
The beard became a goatee and then it just became a mustache.
No drugs, no alcohol, no smoking, clean in my language.
Then I finally got released.
I got a job as an electrician and was able to get my own place and started going to meetings.
I was listening to the watchtower and different ones were commenting,
oh, that's his wife.
One of the brothers that came up to visit me.
I kept looking to see so I could finally put a face to the voices that I'd been listening to.
I let Jehovah mold me and to something good.
So how could this picture be?
Many blessings since getting my life to Jehovah.
I've been an elder for 10 years now.
One of my sons came into the truth.
I met my wonderful wife.
She's helped me to grow spiritually and to love Jehovah even more.
One thing I can pray for, and he's blessed me with, is to forgive myself, to have a clean
conscience and bring us the speech, and he's done that.